Issue/7 readme (#34)
teamulster2/soTired: README.md

# soTired

## Motivation

soTired is an application for cognitive fatigue assessment.
It includes a stand-alone Android app for fatigue detection and an additional part for data management and further analysis.
The project is structured as client side (stand-alone app) implemented in Dart/Flutter and a server side (data management) written in Golang.

> Dart/Flutter provides the ability to simply add an iOS, desktop and / or web application besides Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides Android, Dart/Flutter provides the ability to add an iOS, desktop and / or web application from a single codebase.
```

soTired is a rewrite of the application presented in the [Validation of a Smartphone-Based Approach to In Situ Cognitive Fatigue Assessment](https://mhealth.jmir.org/2017/8/e125) paper by Edward Price, George Moore, Leo Galway and Mark Linden.

## Contributions

> For communication throw the code, please use one of the following tags:

Reviewer 2: What does "throw the code" mean?

Author: sorry, should be 'through"

```
FIXME - for a bug which can't be fixed now
TODO - for a feature or are a design change that has to be done later on
NOTE - for an important information
```

> The git workflow for this repo is rebase-merge, which results in a history of this form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The git workflow for this repo is **rebase-merge**, which results in a history of this form:
```
